This server is using Project Becquerel, a plugin designed to enhance the realism of Minecraft.
Use /bechelp to view crucial information on survival in this modified game.
==>
If you have any questions or concerns about Project Becquerel, please comment on the plugin's
page on Bukkit's website: 
==>
As you may have noticed, you spawn with three wooden tools in your inventory.
This is because Project Becquerel simulates Minecraft 1.7's implementation of the adventure game mode:
you can only break blocks using the proper tools - for example, you need an axe to collect wood.
Your pickaxe and axe have three uses each, and your shovel has twelve.
If you die, you will always respawn with these tools again.
==>
Spawning and respawning are very different on servers using Project Becquerel.
On a normal server, there is a world spawnpoint that you always spawn on.
On servers using Project Becquerel,
you can respawn anywhere in the world that is within 125 blocks of another player!
This still applies if you have slept in a bed; bed respawns are disabled by Project Becquerel.
If you are the only player online when you die, there is quite frankly no telling where you will respawn;
the world spawnpoint is moved by 500 blocks every time it's used.
==>
Healing is also differenton servers using Project Becquerel.
It takes thirty seconds to regain half a heart, plus thirty additional seconds for every drumstick of hunger.
This means it takes half a day cycle to reheal completely at full nutrition, and five and a half day cycles at empty.
As you can imagine this makes food a major survival concern. You must have access to a plentiful supply at all times.
We made this more difficult by reducing creature spawns by 66%. Fortunately, this also applies to hostile mobs.
==>
Project Becquerel makes a series of changes to the game to prevent you from keeping your identity between lives.
That is, when you respawn you are now a completely different player and nobody will recognize you.
Project Becquerel randomly assigns each player a nickname using a name-generation algorithm.
This nickname changes every time you die and respawn, but not when you log out and log back in.
Project Becquerel implements no way to customize this nickname, and to the developers' knowledge,
all attempts to do so have resulted in corrupted player data.
Information on nicknames is continued in the next section of Project Becquerel Help.
==>
The nickname replaces your name in the chat, as well as the tag above your head.
As a result, almost everyone will have the Steve skin, although they are able to see their own.
The nickname generator may occasionally give undesirable names. Please inform the plugin
developers if you or another player receives a profane nickname.
==>
Project Becquerel implements ways to manipulate bedrock.
Firstly, there is a crafting recipe for it, following this pattern:
oco
coc
oco
where 'o' represents a block of obsidean and 'c' represents a block of cobblestone.
The recipe yields two blocks of bedrock.
You can also break bedrock by placing a diamond block next to it and giving the diamond block redstone power.
==x